'The Pretty Things' is a Cthulhu modern scenario set in 1932 during the WW2 Pacific campaign, for three to four players; with the player investigators drawn to an ill fated military camp in the Philippines. The action takes place on Camiguin Island, and the scenario draws on real world events and historical figures.
Four pre-generated investigators have been provided, although if the Keeper or players wish; this scenario can work with player created investigators that are ideally connected in some form to the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC), the United States Navy (USN), or the Australian Red Cross (ARC). Any unused pre-generated investigators should be converted to NPCs. There is an additional four pre-generated investigators provided for a short prologue; these characters shouldn't live long, and should be considered highly disposable by the Keeper to set tone and context for the main story.
The scenario assumes that the pre-generated investigators are being used.
The scenario is self-contained and does not require the Keeper to have a copy of [[fill in later]] by Chaosium, although use of this supplement may be advantageous.
'The Pretty Things' is a dedicated scenario that should last up to six sessions depending on pacing and session length, including a single prologue session.

## Inspiration
- "Oh! You Pretty Things" by David Bowie
	- Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence
	- Aleister Crowley
	- The Coming Race by Edward Bulwer-Lytton
## Themes

## Contents of the Scenario
## Background

## Timeline of Events

## Setting
### Philippines
### Camiguin
### WW2 Pacific