
A few days ago Mr. Preston requested a meeting with you, today at his estate outside of Arkham. Apart from the meeting request, the message mentioned he has an assignment for you that will require time away from the docks, and to find a suitable replacement for yourself while you are gone. Mr. Saulnier is perfect for the job, and if it weren't for his complete loyalty, he would have taken the position from you years ago. That has given you time to ponder why Preston needs your help on anything other than dockyard security. Could this be connected to that missing fishing boat? Probably not... Preston doesn't deal with food. Although you did see mention of the business branching into insurance. Recently you've found yourself distracted by the sea, debris and rocks for a brief moment trick your eye into thinking there are whales in the harbour, and there's that dream that wakes you up before you need to piss. Your body feels like its slowly becoming gelatinous and transparent, like a jelly fish, a rushing liquid sensation flowing in all directions from you. A few nights you catch yourself before you wet the bed. There it is again, a distraction from what's important. You make sure you have all the tools of the trade before you head to the meeting, who knows, you might not have a chance to head back home, Preston has come to anticipate you being ready for anything, and this assignment can be no exception. 

----

A few days ago, Mr. Preston requested a meeting with you at his estate just outside of Arkham. In his message, he mentioned an assignment that will require your time away from the docks and the need to find a suitable replacement during your absence. Mr. Saulnier has always been a reliable choice, but his unwavering loyalty has allowed you to retain your position as head of security at Preston Logistics for years. However, as you ponder the reason for Mr. Preston's request, you can't shake the feeling that there may be more to it than just dockyard security. Could it be connected to that missing fishing boat? Unlikely, as Mr. Preston doesn't like dealing with the fishers. Yet, there have been whispers of the business branching into insurance lately. You catch yourself again, you find yourself distracted by the sea, occasionally glimpsing what appears to be whales in the harbour, only to realize it's just debris and rocks. Almost daydreaming staring out at the expanse. And then there's that recurring dream that wakes you up to piss. A dream that causes a strange sensation in your body, as if you're gradually becoming gelatinous and transparent, like a jellyfish. It's disconcerting, to say the least. But you push these thoughts aside as you gather your tools of the trade and head to the meeting. Mr. Preston has come to expect nothing less than readiness from you, and this assignment will be no exception.

----

Milford Sr. (Father, Daddy, Papa, whatever you call your dad) came back from golf yesterday and told you that you'll be helping that Preston fellow out for a while. It was Milford Seniors idea, not Preston. He's constantly finding ways of trying to test you before you graduate, and doing errands for Preston seems to be this months test. It's like he doesn't even understand how much work all the training is AND the inane exams and readings. "This is nothing compared to managing the business" he droned, put his foot down and gave you the address. Now that upstart from the law faculty is going to get more training time than you, and the championship is only months away. What was his name...  "Dauterive", that little pleb aspiring to be a lawyer, always the crowd favourite even though he comes second. Hopefully this Preston thing is really nothing. Woe is the turmoil of Sisyphus, such peak physical strength, and royalty too, and yet he is fated with mundanity, the universe punishing him for being too.... perfect. How did Sisyphus escape his fated task anyway? He didn't and neither will you.

----
Milford Sr. (Father, Daddy, Papa, whatever you call your dad), returned from his golf outing yesterday and informed you that you'll be assisting that Preston fellow for a while. It wasn't Preston's idea; it was all your father's doing. He seems determined to test your mettle before you graduate, and running errands for Preston is just this month's trial. It's frustrating, considering the amount of work you put into your training, not to mention the endless exams and readings. "This is nothing compared to managing the business," he remarked dismissively before handing you the address. Now that fellow from the law faculty will have more time for training than you, and the championship is just months away. What was his name again? Ah yes, Dauterive, the aspiring lawyer. Always the crowd favorite, even though he always comes in second. Hopefully, this assignment for Preston will turn out to be as inconsequential as it seems. It's like being trapped in the turmoil of Sisyphus—endlessly pushing that boulder uphill, only to have it roll back down again. Despite your peak physical strength and your noble lineage, you're condemned to a life of mundane tasks. How did Sisyphus escape his fate anyway? He didn't, and neither will you.