Players may want to experience the game by role-playing members of non-human races (this bestiary calls every non-human a “creature”), especially in settings where they’re appropriate such as fantasy or science fiction. Wanting to play radically different creatures from humankind is a natural desire for role-playing, and if doing so fits the GM’s choice of setting, it should be allowed. However, certain creatures are easier to role-play than others.
Incomplete creatures (those without a value in one or more characteristics) are often too limited for enjoyment. Additionally, it may be less enjoyable for a player attempting to role-play a creature whose INT characteristic is generated with a roll of less than 3D6 (or 2D6+6).
The GM may also discourage players from trying to role-play extremely powerful or philosophically unappealing beings, based on the setting and the particular campaign. For example, in a fantasy setting where the majority of the player characters are playing elves, the GM may not allow players to create trolls or dwarf PCs due to the strife that these (traditional) elf-enemies will bring to the player character group. Additionally, a modern horror campaign where players are fighting occult threats may be wholly inappropriate for a demonic or angelic PC (despite their appropriateness to the setting). Similarly, if the creature would create undue difficulties due to its very nature, such as extreme size, social enmity, or cultural role, the GM should disallow players to choose to run it as a player character race. All such decisions are at the GM’s discretion, and the player should ask the GM if he or she is permitted to run a particular type of creature in the campaign.
These warnings aside, all creatures in this chapter are presented in as much detail as is required for use as a player character, though the GM may wish to expand these entries to suit his or her particular setting and campaign. It is assumed in most cases that these statistics represent full-grown or mature versions of the creatures, meaning that the GM should be able to limit the range of powers available to a player character version of the creature, with the assumption that in time, the player character creature may learn these additional powers and special abilities.
To choose whether or not a particular creature is suitable for the campaign as a player character, the GM should ask three questions:
- Is a player character version of this creature inappropriate for the campaign setting?
- Will this creature cause difficulties for other players or the course of the campaign?
- Will this creature unbalance the rest of the campaign?
If the answer to any of these questions is “Yes”, the GM is advised to disallow the creature for use as a player character, or to do so with the most stringent of conditions or special allowances.